#
# pcp-htop(1) configuration file - see pcp-htop(5)
#

[filesys]
caption = Filesystem
enabled = true

avail.heading = avail
avail.caption = avail
avail.width = -12
avail.metric = filesys.avail

blocksize.heading = blocksize
blocksize.caption = blocksize
blocksize.width = -12
blocksize.metric = filesys.blocksize

capacity.heading = capacity
capacity.caption = capacity
capacity.width = -12
capacity.metric = filesys.capacity

free.heading = free
free.caption = free
free.width = -12
free.metric = filesys.free

freefiles.heading = freefiles
freefiles.caption = freefiles
freefiles.width = -12
freefiles.metric = filesys.freefiles

full.heading = full
full.caption = full
full.width = -12
full.metric = filesys.full

maxfiles.heading = maxfiles
maxfiles.caption = maxfiles
maxfiles.width = -12
maxfiles.metric = filesys.maxfiles

readonly.heading = readonly
readonly.caption = readonly
readonly.width = -12
readonly.metric = filesys.readonly

used.heading = used
used.caption = used
used.width = -12
used.metric = filesys.used

usedfiles.heading = usedfiles
usedfiles.caption = usedfiles
usedfiles.metric = filesys.usedfiles

mountdir.heading = mountdir
mountdir.caption = mountdir
mountdir.width = -12
mountdir.metric = filesys.mountdir
